#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohttp==3.9.5
    # via tuspy
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
altair==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
anyio==4.3.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
arcp==0.2.1
    # via rocrate
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via aiohttp
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   cattrs
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
    #   requests-cache
babel==2.14.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nbconvert
bioblend==1.2.0
    # via gxformat2
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
cachecontrol[filecache]==0.14.0
    # via schema-salad
cattrs==23.2.3
    # via requests-cache
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via rocrate
comm==0.2.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
debugpy==1.8.1
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
exceptiongroup==1.2.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   cattrs
    #   ipython
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.19.1
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   cachecontrol
    #   tldextract
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
galaxy2cwl==0.1.4
    # via rocrate
gxformat2==0.18.0
    # via galaxy2cwl
h11==0.14.0
    # via httpcore
httpcore==1.0.4
    # via httpx
httpx==0.27.0
    # via jupyterlab
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   tldextract
    #   yarl
ipykernel==6.29.3
    # via
    #   ipynbname
    #   jupyterlab
ipynbname==2023.2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
ipython==8.22.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
ipywidgets==8.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
isodate==0.6.1
    # via rdflib
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   altair
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   rocrate
json5==0.9.18
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.21.1
    # via
    #   altair
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-archive==3.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==8.6.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   voila
jupyter-core==5.7.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   voila
jupyter-events==0.9.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.3
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.12.5
    # via
    #   jupyter-archive
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook-shim
    #   voila
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.2
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.25.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   voila
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.10
    # via ipywidgets
lxml==5.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==3.0.2
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   schema-salad
msgpack==1.0.8
    # via cachecontrol
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via schema-salad
nbclient==0.7.4
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   voila
nbconvert==7.16.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   voila
nbformat==5.9.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via jupyterlab
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   altair
    #   pandas
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   altair
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
pandas==2.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   altair
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
platformdirs==4.2.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-core
    #   requests-cache
prometheus-client==0.20.0
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via ipython
psutil==5.9.8
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.17.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
pyparsing==3.1.2
    # via rdflib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   pandas
    #   rocrate
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2024.1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   galaxy2cwl
    #   gxformat2
    #   jupyter-events
pyzmq==25.1.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
rdflib==7.0.0
    # via schema-salad
referencing==0.33.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bioblend
    #   cachecontrol
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   requests-cache
    #   requests-file
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   rocrate
    #   schema-salad
    #   tldextract
    #   tuspy
requests-cache==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
requests-file==2.0.0
    # via tldextract
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via bioblend
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rocrate==0.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
rpds-py==0.18.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruamel-yaml==0.18.6
    # via schema-salad
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.8
    # via ruamel-yaml
schema-salad==8.5.20240410123758
    # via gxformat2
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via jupyter-server
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   isodate
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
    #   surt
    #   url-normalize
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
surt==0.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
terminado==0.18.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tinydb==4.8.0
    # via tuspy
tldextract==5.1.2
    # via surt
tomli==2.0.1
    # via jupyterlab
toolz==0.12.1
    # via altair
tornado==6.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.66.2
    # via -r requirements.in
traitlets==5.14.1
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   voila
tuspy==1.0.3
    # via bioblend
types-python-dateutil==2.8.19.20240106
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.10.0
    # via
    #   altair
    #   anyio
    #   async-lru
    #   bioblend
    #   cattrs
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
url-normalize==1.4.3
    # via requests-cache
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via
    #   requests
    #   requests-cache
voila==0.5.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   voila-material
voila-material @ git+https://github.com/GLAM-Workbench/voila-material.git
    # via -r requirements.in
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
websockets==12.0
    # via voila
widgetsnbextension==4.0.10
    # via ipywidgets
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
